it's an ax pleasure for me to introduce
what I think and I'm sure when you get
into this movie you'll agree is
absolutely the ultimate performance SUV
now the all-new Jeep Grand Cherokee srt8
now this Grand Cherokee is flat-out the
most powerful technologically advanced
high-performance Jeep vehicle ever now
under the hood is the all-new 6.4 liter
Hemi v8 with 465 horsepower and 465
foot-pounds of torque
now that's an improvement of 45
horsepower and 45 foot pounds of torque
over the old 6.1 v8 in replaces but new
for this SRT a is standard fuel saver
technology and an accident active valve
exhaust system and this allows for
improved fuel efficiency and give this
vehicle an extended range of 450 miles
on one tank of gas now that includes an
all-new leather wrapped heated steering
wheel with a flattened bottom surface
and as you can see behind me I think it
really evokes a race car cockpit
standard standard paddle shifter
controls flanking side and specifically
for the driving enthusiasts performance
pages are going to give instant feedback
on things such as steering input
measurement horsepower and torque 0-60
time 60 0 braking distance g-force and
an eighth and quarter mile times